hi I'm Brock and this and this is a day
in the
and this is the day in the life of
220-something entrepreneurs this morning
got off to a very rough start because
there were signs in the parking lot that
said that we had to move our cars by 7am
there was a no parking Zone all day
today I wrongfully assumed that that
meant like around 7 A.M like if we moved
our cars at 7 15 that would be okay
terrible assumption by me but Tay
reminded me before bed to set the alarm
to wake up early set the alarm that we
could move our cars but when I woke up I
forgot that was why I set the alarm
early so ended up sleeping until almost
seven and woke up to the sound of the
backup noise of the tow truck backing
towards our cars to tow them out of the
lot luckily we ran downstairs
immediately met the guy who's in charge
of the construction I was like I'm so
sorry we'll move them right now so we
moved them but it was a very abrupt and
rough start for the morning as a content
creator a big part of what I do for work
is obviously just posting content
[Music]
so even though it's 8 A.M I've already
posted a handful of Stories on Tani's
Instagram Channel I've already posted a
few stories on my own personal Instagram
page and then I also posted a reel on my
Instagram which I had edited yesterday
so I guess technically that's part of my
work day but it's just really pressing
post I did all the work yesterday pretty
much every morning for me starts with a
trip to the gym it just makes me feel
really good for the rest of the day and
it just gives me energy and even though
it's not technically part of my work day
I still wanted to show it in this video
because I think it's an important thing
that sets me up for my work day
[Music]
it's now 11 A.M and I've showered I'm
home I've eaten and it's time to get
into work I usually start my work with
just kind of the easy stuff to ease into
the work day answering some emails
responding to things that need my
immediate attention and also I should
say that I generally don't schedule
anything before 11 A.M unless I have to
so yesterday I had a meeting at 8 A.M
because I was meeting with an
international company so that was the
only time that worked for them but
generally speaking I try to not schedule
anything at all in the morning because
that's my me time that's don't bother me
my routine I need that time to feel
creative and energized for the rest of
the day so 11 A.M right on schedule time
to get to work shotsi always sits on
this couch right next to me while I work
September 6th at 4 pm September 6th at 4
P.M September 6th
hey what's up Brock Johnson here and I
wanted to let you know about our next
insta Club Hub live
nobody wants to spend all day on
Instagram
how do I want to word this I hear you
you don't want to spend all day on
Instagram but you also want to grow your
following increase your engagement and
make more sales on Instagram it is
possible and in fact it's possible to
grow on Instagram in case I've never
explained what I do for a living before
I'll break down a few of those things
right now first of all I'm the co-owner
of the insta Club Hub which is an
Instagram membership where we teach
people how to grow and make sales on
Instagram so I'm the co-owner of that I
create a lot of lessons and tutorials
and live videos and instructional
content for the members of the insta
Club Hub I also am a full-time content
creator and I like that term more than
influencer so I'm posting multiple times
every single day to my reels my Tick
Tock posting shorts here on YouTube and
for pretty much all those different
kinds of content I'm getting paid
different amounts based off the platform
and then I also do what's called ugc
which is user generated content also
known as sponsored posts or ads which is
where businesses pay me to advertise or
talk about their product or business the
other thing that I specifically do for
income is affiliate at Partnerships
which is essentially where I'm getting
paid a small fee in exchange for every
sale that is made of certain products
that I use I also get paid for speaking
fees so whether that's speaking on stage
or virtual speaking fees for like Zoom
trainings that's another source of
income and then investment So Tay and I
are both invested in the stock market
and cryptocurrency and we also purchase
cars and the trailer and things like
that with resale value in mind so those
are kind of like Investments as well
it's almost noon my last Instagram post
was made about five hours ago so I'm
gonna post again
foreign
so I'm going to record some podcasts
right now
test test hey what's up and welcome to
today's episode of build your tribe
today I wanted to do a quick updated
version of which app is better which
should you focus on Instagram or Tick
Tock and this is as of August 2022 so
this is very updated information just
got my haircut just finished a cup of
coffee now I'm going to record some
dancing videos we know who looking like
this for real who you know who looking
like this baby baby won't you listen to
me
[Music]
views
that was it that was definitely the one
alrighty it is time for my last work
activity for the day it's 5 p.m what is
your Niche why should they follow you
what can they expect to get out of your
account and then once your profile is
optimized and set up correctly that's
pretty much it for me today it's uh
almost six o'clock and that podcast
interview went well now I'm just gonna
kick back and watch some YouTube and
probably hang out on my phone not do any
work pretty much done for the day
thank you